Don't mark concat_ws as Nullable (#15479)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.6.2.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed a regression introduced in 5.6.0 that caused
>   :ref:`concat_ws <scalar-concat-ws>` return wrong result when used on column
>   with NULL values in WHERE clause combined with NOT predicate. An example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in 5.6.0 that caused
  :ref:`concat_ws <scalar-concat-ws>` returning the wrong result when used on a column
  with NULL values in the WHERE-clause combined with a NOT-predicate. An example::
```
